# Baby_registry_project in C++
Baby Registry Project
Designed by C++ language
Baby Registry List
Project description: Baby Registry List project will help parents and friends be more organized with the baby items list and get ready registration for the baby shower.  The program can be way longer with list items, which I didn’t make that long with items list, but the main point is a lot of patients would like that program. There are so many websites where you can do a registry, like amazon, target, Walmart, buybuybaby, etc. and each of those sites has its own registry and eventually, you don’t know what you want to buy from each website, you have several registries and baskets full of stuff and eventually, you don’t know the total cost, and what from all those lists you would like purchase by your own and from what list you want that friends will purchase. Therefore this program will help you to create only one list of items for yourself (momsList) and one list for friends. 
The Baby Registry List program, will make you less confused and more organized by keeping only 2 lists with different items, one for parents and one for friends. 
Processing was not as hard as I thought it would be, however, my main problem was to get a good project idea, to make something different and unique, that can contain all program requirements. 5 hours of thinking and I come up with that idea, and it took about 5 hours before I got the first draft. 
Instruction: In order to use this program you just need to click run the program and you will see instructions on the screen, you need to pick your choice and follow the instruction. Pick of your choice and who are and your role at that registry, if you would like to purchase gift or not, also will give you a time and date for the baby shower. The program will display the main menu 2 times therefore friends can get more than one option.  
